Update changelog for 0.12.0 release (#2019)
spiffe/spire: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

### Added
- Added debug endpoints (#1792)
- Added and improved documentation (#1806, #1808, #1813, #1821, #1831, #1837, #1838, #1861, #1868, #1869, #1876, #1880, #1883, #1886, #1902, #1918, #1923, #1939, #1951, #1970, #1999, #2011)

> - Added improved testing (#1837, #1872, #1873, #1931, #1937, #1942, #1948, #1954, #1958, #1978, #1982)

Reviewer: I'm not sure the merits of including this line and the next in the changelog. It's nice/reassuring to know that this work is happening, but is it important to consumers of the changelog? Particularly with the documentation line, it's hard to know exactly _what_ improved

- Added agent support for SDS v3 API (#1906)
- Added improved metrics handling (#1885, #1925, #1932)
- Added caching for registration entries and agent selectors (#1859, #1896, #1943, #1944, #1956)
- Added database indexes to attested node columns (#1912)

> - Added better configuration for Vault UpstreamAuthority plugin (#1871, #1965, #1981)

Reviewer 2: What exactly is better?
```suggestion
- Added support for roles, namespaces, and re-authentication to the Vault UpstreamAuthority plugin (#1871, #1965, #1981)
```

> - Added delete mode for federated bundles from the bundle API (#1897)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added delete mode for federated bundles to the Bundle API (#1897)
```

- Added reading JSON from STDIN for CLI entry create/update commands (#1905)

> - Added better middleware for Agent APIs (#1936)

Reviewer 2: No user impact. Maybe we should leave this out?

- Added support for multiple CA bundle files in x509pop (#1949)
- Added `ExpiresAt` to `entry show` output (#1973)

> - Added improved logging (#1996, #1997)

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can lump this in with the "improved telemetry line"?

- Added `k8s_psat:agent_node_ip` selector (#1979)

> - Added support for HTTP/2 to the Server (#1968)

Reviewer: @azdagron @rturner3 is this accurate?

> - Added support for HTTP/2 to the Server (#1968)

Reviewer 2: This is a little misleading. The server already supported HTTP/2 (which is the transport that gRPC uses). We just fixed a bug where we weren't announcing our support for HTTP/2 during the TLS handshake which caused some gRPC libraries to fail to connect to the server. This should probably go under "Fixed"?

> ### Changed

Reviewer: Since we have other non-user-facing changes listed here, should we also list go version bump? https://github.com/spiffe/spire/pull/1961

Similar question for changing up our grpc dependencies #1986

Author: i've removed more of the non-user-facing changes, so will probably keep these out unless you think they should be added back

> - Changed the agent to crash when it needs to re-attest (#1797)

Reviewer 2: "crash" has a pretty negative connotation. Maybe something a little softer?
```suggestion
- Changed the agent to shut down when it is no longer attested (#1797)
```

> - Changed internals to rely on new server APIs (#1849, #1878, #1907, #1908, #1909, #1913, #1947, #1982, #1998, #2001)

Reviewer 2: Does this have any user facing impact? Do we need to mention it?

- Changed Workload API to return a standardized JWKS object (#1904)

> - Changed Registration API to validate selector values (#1919)

Reviewer 2: Maybe this should go under "Fixed"? Also, it isn't really validating the values (i.e. is this a selector recognizable by my configured plugins), but rather just making sure the syntax is consistent.

Maybe something like:
```
Fixed Registration API to validate selector syntax (#1919)
```

> - Changed log message casing and punctuation (#1950, #1952)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Changed log message casing and punctuation to be consistent with project guidelines (#1950, #1952)
```

> - Changed datastore versioning to be compatible with a 1.0 release (#2008)

Reviewer 2: Does this have any user facing impact? Do we need to mention it?

### Deprecated

> -

Author: does anyone remember if anything was deprecated this release? i looked over the PRs quickly, but nothing popped out in my mind

Reviewer 2: Just a few come to mind:
- Registration and Node API are deprecated with this release (we now log on use). #1997.
- `registration_api` configuration section is deprecated in favor of `server_api` in the k8s-workload-registrar. #2001.

### Removed

> - Removed agent FetchSVIDTTL gauge metrics and other telemtry (#1881, #1946)

Reviewer 2: Typo. What's the benefit of calling out FetchSVIDTTL gauge specifically? I _think_ we can just be generic here?
```suggestion
- Removed some superfluous or otherwise unusable metrics and labels (#1881, #1946,#2004)
```

> - Removed datastore communication over gRPC - the SQL datastore plugin is now loaded directly in the Server process (#1938)

Reviewer 2: Not sure this needs to be in the changelog, as it isn't really user facing?

> - Removed logging of JWT-SVIDs that fail validation (#1953)

Reviewer 2: I'd almost consider this a security fix?

> - Removed SPIFFE ID label from metrics (#2004)

Reviewer 2: Maybe lump this into the changelog line about metrics above?
